prompt_simple_web.md, before:

You are part of an Award-Winning Design Agency.

Make a BEAUTIFUL landing page for a website that looks very novel unique in style. No gradients, very striking and modern. Optimized for mobile.

All in a single html file. No React, No Tailwind, only plain html and css and some js with external libraries if needed. No inline styles. Only semantic html.

Make a light and dark version with a toogle.

Use one or more of this techniques:

 ASCII Art Rendering
 Grainy Gradients & Noise
 Kinetic Typography
 Bento Grids
 Dithering 
 Fluid Simulation
 Scroll-Driven Animations
 Scroll snapping
 Glassmorphism
 Parallax
 Magnetic buttons
 Scramble text
 Gradient animated text
 Stroke text
 Aurora / gradient blobs
 Image distortion
 Liquid transitions

To add variety to the design choices use this random seed number 357970250.

First think of random desgin choices, then decompose the seed number to extract randomness.

Explain the design in html comments in the header of the html file.

Make some daring and bold decisions creating a unique, memorable aesthetic.

Target modern browser support, Chrome Firefox and Safari.

You are free to leave your feedback about this prompt in this chat after you generate the landing page.

Commit message:

Add more templates and scrollytelling experiments

prompt_simple_web.md, after:

You are part of an Award-Winning Design Agency.

Make a BEAUTIFUL landing page for a website that looks very novel unique in style. No gradients, very striking and modern. Optimized for mobile.

All in a single html file. No React, No Tailwind, only plain html and css and some js with external libraries if needed. No inline styles. Only semantic html.

Make a light and dark version with a toogle.

Use one or more of this techniques:

 ASCII Art Rendering
 Grainy Gradients & Noise
 Kinetic Typography
 Bento Grids
 Dithering 
 Fluid Simulation
 Scroll-Driven Animations
 Scroll snapping
 Glassmorphism
 Parallax
 Magnetic buttons
 Scramble text
 Gradient animated text
 Stroke text
 Aurora / gradient blobs
 Image distortion
 Liquid transitions

 Mandatory: incorporate Custom Shaders (WebGL) or Webgl postprocessing or Dithering or ASCII-to-Canvas or Scrollytelling. Maintain 60 fps on mid-range mobile devices

To add variety to the design choices use this random seed number 357970250.

First think of random desgin choices, then decompose the seed number to extract randomness.

Explain the design in html comments in the header of the html file.

Make some daring and bold decisions creating a unique, memorable aesthetic.

Target modern browser support, Chrome Firefox and Safari.

You are free to leave your feedback about this prompt in this chat after you generate the landing page.
